 Localization
 Added support for app reviews.
 Fixed README
Hi, is there any update about this project recently? I found the Google APIs have updated for several times and I'm studying ur codes. It's so nice of u to make this project and could u tell me if I can run it with the latest Google APIs？


Hi,

I unfortunately do not have time to maintain this project anymore. I
developed this project as a PoC a long time ago and am pretty impressed by
the number of people still using it. Since the birth of this project Google
has updated their API as well as their Protobuf structure. The
GooglePlayDownloader project (
http://codingteam.net/project/googleplaydownloader) might be more up to
date.
You might want to reverse engineer the last version of Google Play app in
order to document the protobuf structures. This Androguard script (
https://github.com/bitpew/androguard-protobuf-nano-extractor/tree/master)
is based on mine, but is supposed to handle Google's new NanoProtobuf
implementation.

I'm afraid I won't find time to review and merge pull requests, so please
feel free to fork the project and publish a (much) better and newer version.

Cheers,
Emilien

Hi, is there any update about this project recently? I found the Google
APIs have updated for several times and I'm studying ur codes. It's so nice
of u to make this project and could u tell me if I can run it with the
latest Google APIs？

—
Reply to this email directly or view it on GitHub
https://github.com/egirault/googleplay-api/commit/9cf515f28eec16575ab2f6204cbdd779d2b77613#commitcomment-12561510
.


Hi，

It's very useful, thanks very much~

Best regards

Allen

At 2015-08-06 18:41:38, "egirault" notifications@github.com wrote:
Hi,

I unfortunately do not have time to maintain this project anymore. I
developed this project as a PoC a long time ago and am pretty impressed by
the number of people still using it. Since the birth of this project Google
has updated their API as well as their Protobuf structure. The
GooglePlayDownloader project (
http://codingteam.net/project/googleplaydownloader) might be more up to
date.
You might want to reverse engineer the last version of Google Play app in
order to document the protobuf structures. This Androguard script (
https://github.com/bitpew/androguard-protobuf-nano-extractor/tree/master)
is based on mine, but is supposed to handle Google's new NanoProtobuf
implementation.

I'm afraid I won't find time to review and merge pull requests, so please
feel free to fork the project and publish a (much) better and newer version.

Cheers,
Emilien

Hi, is there any update about this project recently? I found the Google
APIs have updated for several times and I'm studying ur codes. It's so nice
of u to make this project and could u tell me if I can run it with the
latest Google APIs？

—
Reply to this email directly or view it on GitHub
https://github.com/egirault/googleplay-api/commit/9cf515f28eec16575ab2f6204cbdd779d2b77613#commitcomment-12561510
.

—
Reply to this email directly or view it on GitHub.


 Fixed a typo
Switched default debug mode to False
 fix apk downloading
 move androidId into config
 consolidate some imports
 urllib2 -> python-requests
 allow exception propagation in download.py
 ignore apk files
 more formatting consistency
 remove executable permission from a few files

Not all files need to be executable.
 update formatting in androproto tool
 more formatting changes
 dos2unix README.md
 clean up README.md formatting (stray whitespace)
 consolidate definitions of print_result_line
 consolidate definitions of print_header_line
 better config file

The config file now warns the developer if the values haven't been
configured.
 dos2unix config.py
 consolidate definitions of sizeof_fmt
 formatting fixes
 initial .gitignore
 Moved androidId to config.py
 Added bulkDetails() optimized method to fetch details of N apps in only one request.
permissions.py now supports multiple apps and uses bulkDetails().
 Added doc to androproto.py
 Added an Androguard script used to generate Google Play .proto file
 Merge pull request #1 from Fuzion24/master

Fixed bug in api login response
 Fix error when data from URL response is not expected

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "search.py", line 64, in <module>
    api.login(GOOGLE_LOGIN, GOOGLE_PASSWORD, AUTH_TOKEN)
  File "[...]/googleplay-api/googleplay.py", line 124, in login
    k, v = d.split("=")
ValueError: need more than 1 value to unpack
 Corrected README
